{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21260\viewh11080\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Dear Ellen, \
\
Merry Christmas! \
\
I took a big risk with this Secret Santa present, because I about 3/4ths way through realised you might not use Google Chrome. This present is a Google Chrome extension - so if you do not use Google Chrome I am going to make the very annoying ask for you to download it (just once, so you can at least see what I made!). I didn\'92t dare shipping anything, so I thought that by making something like this, I could make sure it arrived in time. \
\
This extension is a small browser friend, not really a game, but a very low-tech version of a tamagotchi maybe. When I drew your name I immediately had the idea of a pixel game, and I think (?) you like cats - so I really hope you enjoy it at least somewhat!\
\
Have fun with your new little browser friend. \
\
Love, \
Your Clique Secret Santa\
\
\
_______________________________________\
\

\f1\b Instructions\
Install:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Unzip the folder (maybe save it somewhere else than downloads if you tend to clean out your downloads folder)\
{\listtext	2.	}Go to chrome://extensions/, and make sure that developer mode (top right corner) is on\
{\listtext	3.	}In the top left, click \'93pack extension\'94\
{\listtext	4.	}Select the folder in the first field and done\
{\listtext	5.	}Back on the extensions page, select \'93load unpacked\'94 on the top left and select the folder again\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\f1\b Play
\f0\b0 \
The first thing you will do is set the name of the cat - 
\f1\b this cannot be changed
\f0\b0 . (Due to design decisions, try choosing one below 10 characters). \
Close the extension and open it again to show the name <3 \
\
To feed the cat, click the cat bowl (left of the cat)\
To stroke the cat, click the cat. \
To play with the cat, click the yarn bowl in front of it. \
\
You gain a heart with each actions, and max have 5 hearts at a time. Hearts elapse after 12 hours. \
\
Note: This is the first pixel game I have made and when testing it there were some slight glitches - I hope it doesn\'92t detract too much, and in my experience they go away when you close and reopen the extension!}